This is a simple example of a Yesod server using the PushNotify api for GCM,
(Network.PushNotify.Gcm) where devices can register to receive GCM messages
and users can send messages through the web service. This is composed of:

* a Yesod app for registering the devices and sending push notifications.
* an Android app for registering on GCM and receiving the notifications.

+ About the Yesod App:

Before running the Yesod app, you need to complete the "approot" and the 
"apiKey" with the proper values.
The API Key is provided by Google. You need to start a project at Google Apis
and enable the GCM service. (https://code.google.com/apis/console)
In this example, I show how to handle with the registration of devices. Also,
I provide a web service, so users can send notifications to the devices
registered. When the server receives a post request to send a notification to
a device, uses the GCM apis for sending the notifications and handling the
result in order to correctly actualize the DB. This means removing the devices
that have been unregistered, changing the regId of the devices that have changed,
and resending the notifications that weren't sent because of an internal error 
in the GCM Servers.


+ About the android app:

When started it gets its RegId, then it asks you for a username, a password 
and a "Registration URL". This registration url would be something like: 
"http://192.168.0.52:3000/register". I added this as a field to be filled,
in order to avoid compiling the android app each time we try the Yesod app
in a different IP. (If you will upload the yesod app to a hosting, you can
replace it as a constant value in the android app.)
So, to try the android app you need to complete the "SENDER_ID" field in the
CommonUtilities.java file of the Android project and compile it. (This is the
Project ID you get from Google Apis.) Once you have the .apk file you can put 
it in the Static folder of the Yesod app. So, to start using it:
 * In the device, settings, applications , you need to allow unknown sources.
 * In the web browser download the app from : http:/...../static/GSoC-Example.apk
 * Install it.

NOTE: The Android app is based on some examples provided by google in the Android
developers site.
